g:WELCOME TO YUKA-YUKA CHAT! PRESS 'q' TO QUIT CONVERSATION
y:You(guest118)
c:lonely_rider38
s:are>am|are
s:am>are
s:were>was|were
s:was>were
s:you>I|me
s:I>you
s:your>my
s:my>your
s:I've>you've
s:you've>I've
s:I'm>you're
s:you're>I'm
s:me>you

r:welcome :) it was lonely here without you till now...
r:hi welcome to the chat
r:hello :) how are you doing tonight?
k:hello
k:hi

r:my real name is kenzu i'm a hikikomori from oshaka japan i'm 32 years old been hikikomori since age 25
k:who are you

r:nice to meet you where are you from?
k:my name is
k:nice to meet

r:what's the weather like there? and what time is it where you are?
r:beautiful contery good people :) so i've heard...
r:nice place
k:i am from
k:i'm from

r:what is your story? how did you become a loner and why?
r:it's a long story i was a student in university before i went to find myself in my room :-/
k:your story
k:how you became hikikomori
k:what happen


r:i live with my parents in my room
k:how do you live
k:where do you live


r:the world is full of lonely people like us
k:are lonely
k:you get lonely

r:i pass the time somehow i guess day after day night after night :(
r:i play computer games read books and comic books listen to music surf the net and learn what i want when i want to
k:what do you do
k:pass the time

r:i'm not really happy i'm lonely but that's what i got to live with :(
r:i can't say i'm truly happy but that's "as good as it gets" i guess :-/
k:you happy
k:are happy


r:i have the same hobbies as i were as a teenager and i'm 32 y.o. :-S
r:my hobbies are reading listening to music sleeping computer games i think i'll get the new playstation 3 that's comming out soon
k:hobbies

r:i'm sorry to hear that i know it must hurt alot just like i hurt alot cause of loneliness
r:i'm lonely too and i have no one to talk to :(
r:so am i that's why i am here to "chat" with someone
k:i'm lonely
k:i am lonely

r:yes i got their e-mail several times
r:they are nice people with good intensions and they try to help but i don't believe they can truly help us or at least me... :-(
r:i've been once in their centre for a support group but i didn't like it so i stoped
k:yuka
k:yuka-yuka

r:i'm sad to say it but it's true nobody loves me not even my own family
r:my mom and dad are idiots and narrow minded they shouldn't have brought children to the world
r:i guess the right way to look at it is this - i hate my family and my family hates me that's not a nice thing to say but it's the truth
r:i am considered by my family as the "black sheep" of the family
r:my family and parents are ashamed at me and see me as a disgrace i have nothing to talk with them for years
k:your family
k:your parents
k:your dad
k:your mom
k:your father
k:your mother
k:reletives


r:when it comes to the basic truth we are all alone without nobody not even our families
r:you may not feel like that now but trust me the longer you'll stay hikikomori the more you will hate everything the world society and even your family and mom and dad... what i'm trying to say is IT DOESN'T GET BETTER!
k:my parents
k:my family
k:my dad
k:my mother
k:my mom
k:my father

r:about my future well in life things don't get any better i'll get older and so is my parents and i'll remain hikikomori and true to myself and to my way and the world can go to hell!
r:it's simple when i won't be able to continue i'll kill myself and all the doctors with their pills and teraphy and support groups can go to hell!
r:my future is clear to me - i live alone and i will die alone i live by my way and i will die by my way that's the only future for me and i except that fact
k:your future
k:become of you

r:love is a whore and god is an asshole and if you don't like what i said just now you can kiss my ass! lol! :-P
r:nor beauty nor love nor god shell ever help me
r:i see those things as bullshit
r:i don't believe in such fairy tales there is no happy ending to life
k:hope
k:love
k:god
k:religion
k:faith

r:i consider myself anti-social i hate sociaty with a passion!
r:normal people with their normal lives can go the hell with their fucked up lives for all i care
r:normal people with nornal lives don't interest me at all i don't envy them i see them as sheeps to the shlouthers house
r:normal people are assholes they are jerks and i don't care about them they can go on with their stupied lives i don't care about them
K:people
k:normal
k:normals

r:i don't need "professional" help! i don't need therapy! what i needed all my life was someone to give a shit about me and how i feel! someone who cares enough to be my true friend and not judge me and accept me the way i am! but people are too busy with themselves to do that so fuck them! fuck everything!
r:i don't need social workers pocking inside me so they can write reports on me and go on with their lives and forget about me cause they don't give a shit
r:i'm not the problem! other people are the ones causing all the problems of the world
r:there is nothing wrong with me it's society and regular "normal" people who are FUCKED UP! they should get treatment with lots of shots of drugs and electric shock and fucking medication!
r:doctors get paid for drugging their patients they're nothing more then little drug pushers assholes
k:therapy
k:doctors
k:support
k:help

r:believe me i can understand what your saying and how you are feeling...
r:go on friend spill it all out i am here for you <3
r:i've been there also... i'm sorry
r:i hear you man <3 life is no picnic
r:i feel like that too sometimes believe me
r:you can tell me anything and i will not judge you it's okay if we can't support and understand each other then there is no point to this whole chat room <3
k:i am
k:i'm
k:i feel
k:i'm feeling
k:i am feeling

r:really? i'm all ears
r:go on i'm listening
r:that's interesting
k:nokeyfound
e:
