
y:You(guest118)
c:ken_79
s:are>am|are
s:am>are
s:were>was|were
s:was>were
s:you>I|me
s:I>you
s:your>my
s:my>your
s:I've>you've
s:you've>I've
s:I'm>you're
s:you're>I'm
s:me>you




r:hello nice to meet you i'm ken
k:hi
k:hello
k:what's up
k:whats up


r:give this group a chance :)
r:don't be shay we know what it's like being alone...
k:don't like support groups
k:not good at support groups


r:i'm 34 years old from London UK been alone since 20 years old i live with my mom
k:who are you

r:tell us how you feel or whatever you wish don't be shy :)
r:don't give up man stay strong i'm sending you my love and support <3
r:being hikikomori is hard most people think we like it that way as if we are having fun all the time but we know the truth that it's hard and sad
k:i'm alone
k:i am alone
k:i feel alone
k:i'm feeling lonely
k:i am feeling lonely

r:why don't you try to come out more often and take small steps to get out of the house?
r:the longer you'll stay isolated the more insecure you will become
r:i'm scared to leave the house during the day only at night i go out for a walk around the block
r:have you tried medication against anxiety?
k:i'm scared
k:i am scared
k:i fear
k:i worry


r:we all need help to go outside again to take our place in society
r:i'm interested in knowing how and why have we become hikikomori in the first place it seems that everyone has a story and a reason
k:yuka
k:help
k:outside

r:how can i like find and keep a job or live a normal life if i sleep by day and awake all night long?
r: it's 10 pm here in London and i'm not sleepy at all
r:i like to read a lot that way i don't make noise at night and wake my mom
r:it's evening and i slept till noon today i listen to the BBC radio a lot since i'm not very good with computers
k:time
k:am
k:pm
k:morning
k:day
k:evening
k:night
k:sleep

r:i don't even dare to look for a job my resume is full of holes like a swiss cheese :( 
r:i've being isolated and out of work so long i don't think there are jobs for me... i mean who would haier me? with my resume?
k:job
k:work
k:money


r:boys used to pick on me in school so... i never really had many friends just a few good ones who now are going on with their lives... and i'm stuck here... :(
r:i wouldn't want to spend all my life like this isolated from people an from love... i had a girlfriend once i wonder where she is today and how is she...
r:the room i'm in reminds me everyday of my childhood and growing up as a happy kid with my parents and my sister and brother i miss the good old times i hope iwill be able to get some of them back
r:my parents are divorce but my mom and dad support me in every way thanks to them i'm not homeless but as for friends fuck them they never really cared for me!
k:mom
k:dad
k:family
k:friend
k:friends
k:parents
k:brother
k:sister


r:go on dear one w hear you loud and clear...
r:i'm glad you are open and shearing this with us i experience the same things too i guess we all do that's what makes us human...
r:you remind me so much of myself and my struggle... i wish i could give you a hug right now
k:i am
k:i'm
k:i think
k:i feel

r:i think i can identify with what your saying
r:sad but true :-/
r:<3
k:nokeyfound
e:
